All right, so I went ahead and created a new project.
She did the same.
And this is what we have seen this many times.
So let's go ahead and delete things that we don't need to see because we're going to start from scratch.
OK, there we go.
So what going to do now is I'm going to separate my code into different folders or different packages.
So inside inside of this main package packaging, we're right click Save New.
Create a package.
I'm going to create a model package, this is where we're going to put a.
All the models in this case, we're just going to have one model right that will model after an instance
of a note in this case.
OK.
And then I'm going to create a new one.
Another package here and call this data.
This is where we can put data related classes or files, create any one package and let's put components.
So this is where we can put all the components, widgets and so forth that will be part of our application.
And I always like to do this in this case, we only have one screen, but I still like to create a screen.
Package as such.
All right, so instead of a screen package here, I'm going to create a new codling class.
And let's just make this a file.
Let's call this note.
Screen as such.
This is OK at Target.
That's just my kit repo.
OK, so we have no screen there, so here I'm just going to have to create, see, compose.
Composable, that is quite a function called this note screen as such, and there we have it, note
screen is going to be screen and we're going to call somewhere inside of our main activity.
So let's construct our notes screen.
So notes screen is going to look like this, right?
That is the idea.
So we are going to have here an app bar of some sort.
Top bar with Tab Bar with the app name.
And then we're going to have all of these widgets.
All of these composable so text.
So to text views and a button.
And of course, later we're going to add more.
All right, let's start at the top.
So if you go to.
So back to our notes screen here before before I even move forward, let's create a preview.
Compose over here.
Here's what to say at preview because I want to preview this composable and I'm going to say at composable,
it's a fun and can I'm going to name these notes screen preview such.
And he him just passed notes.
Note screen like that.
So this is where the preview, so here is just preview our screen now, one thing I can do also is in
our preview here.
I can go ahead and say back show background.
If I say true, it's going to go ahead and show have over says, if true, the composable will use a
default background color.
All right, so let's start construction.
All right.
So first, let's go ahead and put a column.
I want column because in all of these items are going to be inside of a column, right?
Everything is in a vertical layout manner, so the column works.
Let's give it a modifier here.
Give it patting of about 60 P.
Let's go ahead and import
good.
All right.
So what I need to do, what I'm going to do next is to add this structure here, which is just a top
bar.
Now we've seen top brass before, we've seen in the context of scaffold.
But remember top bar like anything else in Kappos.
These are composable function, which means we can actually call them.
I don't have to have a scaffold in order to use a top bar.
So I'm going to say here, top bar.
Look at that right and you can see it is indeed a composable.
First of all, there is this green f to say function and composable.
The white Android there Android, I should say.
All right.
So our top bar requires a title, which we can pass.
Of course, the lambda and also requires actions.
We can pass them by at some point.
Maybe not.
Now it's fine like that.
OK, so in this case here, it's not a lambda itself.
That's why it's saying we shouldn't have that lambda trailing lambda.
All right for a Tyler here.
I'm going to say text, let's pass.
Let's say text.
I could pass just a text like that.
But there's another way to do this.
For instance, I can say something like this string resource, and I'm going to say, Ah, got to string
and get the app name like this.
Now this is going to have a problem because we need to install.
We need to import on a class.
Just click import.
Let's go ahead and import that well.
So these are class is a class.
If you have over, it's a class that has access to resources in our application.
That means then with our we can go back and we can go ahead and go to resources, go to troubles, go
to MIT Map, go to values and go to strings.
So we are going to do is we're going to go ahead and get this app, that name or app underscore name,
which is going to be Jack Note or whatever title you've given it.
OK, so this is another way of getting things from our string resource file.
So string that see, now I have access to app happening like this for actions here, I can actually
add an icon such icons.
Grounded as an option, and it can go ahead and say, let's find something like notification, for instance,
doesn't matter, really.
We just want to see something there.
OK, so this case here, I'm just going to go for description.
It's a.
Icon.
All right.
Let's go ahead and preview real quick here to see what's going on.
All right, so there we go.
We have our notes.
There looks really good.
We have our top bar and we have that icon there.
This is just a placeholder.
It doesn't really matter.
But OK, it's looking really good.
And anything we can do, we can actually change the background color of these top bars if you have over.
You will see that we have the background, color, property or argument you can pass.
So that's going to be after our actions.
I'm going to go ahead and say, enter background color.
And for the color here, I'm going to say color already have the color.
So I'm going to put an hex color.
So zero x, then f f a such d a d f e three like this and the beauty.
Also remember that this doesn't matter, right?
So you can actually click here and start changing colors to your liking.
This is the color that I found to be decently OK.
I may change.
It doesn't matter.
Guess so.
Save this if you're going to refresh, you can see now we should have something different.
OK, there we go.
Very subtle.
So after we have put together the top bar.
So ends here now at the bottom here, that's where we're going to add this structure here, which is
going to be these two text fields and button say content like this.
So what I'm going to do is.
Let's go ahead and put inside of a column, right?
And let's press my fire as such, and we want Phil Max with as such.
And I want to get also the horizontal alignment to alignment center horizontally section.
OK, so inside here with you, now is time.
Now we're going to add these two.
Now we're going to add first.
So we're going to go ahead and add a text field as such.
Now we can go ahead, of course, and right put it detects field right away directly here.
But what are we going to do is we're going to compartmentalize everything, put things into different
classes or folders or in this case, packages to make it even better.
So I'm going to see Cottle in class.
He is just going to be a file.
It's called this.
Note components such an inside here, I'm going to just add it composable like this real quick and then
I'm going to create a function called note input text.
So this is just a way for us to separate everything.
And also you notice we have two of them, right?
So I have for the title and we have another one for the notes.
So this will be great because then we could just call this composable.
A few times that we want, so we can that we won't have to repeat ourselves instead of a note here.
So first, let's go ahead and pass a modifier, make sure we get the correct modifier, which is the
compose, right?
And I'm going to say modifier just to say that we are not.
That's to say that this is an optional parameter.
And then let's pass text.
And then let's pass the text of the string and the parcel label also strained max line.
It's going to be an inch and it's going to be one as default value and they don't text change, right?
We're going to expect to pass a string value and return unit.
OK.
On i e action that we are just going to pass nothing and return unit and just also say that we don't
require to be passed at all.
I say argument.
OK, so now inside, we're going to create the text field.
Some will say text field and then let's go ahead and start constructing our text field.
So first one is the value.
So in this case, let's put this in your line for our value here, we're going to pass the text, OK,
which is why we're passing their own value change.
We're going to pass on text change and we're going to pass, of course, on text change like that.
And they're all going to continue, let's say, four colors.
I'm going to change something here in this case, because the text field, I'm going to use the text
field default with C text field, default search and text field colors.
All right.
And then inside here I can pass, for instance, to background color.
I'm going to make it transparent, so color transparent.
And then I'm going pass max lines just pass max lines that the user would be passing.
When we use this for the label, it expects, as you can see, a lambda right to function.
So I'm just going to say for the lambda here where I pass a text and I'm going to pass to the label,
OK?
And then I'm going to pass keyboard options and I'm going say keyboard.
Options might default.
I'm going to just say copy in this case, I'm just extending a few things here.
So for the Miami action, right, I'm going to say I am action.
We want to show Don.
Hey, come back.
So this is so supposed to be keyboard options, not actions.
There we go.
All right.
So next I'm going to say keyboard now actions.
Price or keyboard actions?
So undone what I want to happen.
Put a lambada here when it's done and we are going to say on, I am action that we passed.
And then here we want to hide the keyboard in order for us to hide the keyboard.
We need to get the actual controller.
So at the top, I'm going to say foul keyboard controller.
Such and where say, local soft keyboard controller, long class and say currency, this is going to
get the current.
So this is going to get our software.
So this is going to get the keyboard controller so that we can use it.
Now we're going to have an issue here.
If you have is going to say this API is experimental and is likely to change in the future, again,
this just says that things may change in the future because compose is still evolving.
It's trying to warn us, and we have to add these experimental composer UI annotation.
OK, so quick there, and you can see there it is.
OK, so now we can use it.
So on that action, we're going to say keyboard controller that hide.
OK.
This is going to be knowable, so we need to unwrap like this.
And we are going to pass the modifier past the modifier.
I see.
You see there.
So what are we doing here again?
We're creating this composable that is very flexible, customizable.
We can then just call node input text of text like that and pass some of these arguments there to create
a text field.
So now if we go back to our notes screen, it's kind of easy inside of our column here we can just say.
Note input, text and we can pass some of the parameters.
Now what we want to pass here first, let's go ahead.
I'm just going to say hello and for a label also hello so we can see something and offer on change and
tax change must pass an empty.
Like this, man, I also have to add experimental compose UI, right, like this for this to work.
Let's go ahead and refresh this.
So hopefully we can at least see a while again every time we use the experimental APIs anywhere we are
calling that function.
We need to also add that.
So that's the contract.
So refresh again.
And there you have.
It looks really good.
We have.
Hello, hello.
Of course, that's not what we want, but at least we see we do have a text field.